Add Reference tools.build.cross_building.can_run (#2547)
conan-io/docs: reference/conanfile/tools/build.rst

- **skip_x64_x86**: Will not consider the as cross-building the case of building in 64 bit
  architecture for 32 bit architecture, like ``build_arch=x86_64`` and ``host_arch=x86``
  for example.

conan.tools.build.can_run()
----------------------------------

.. code-block:: python

    def can_run(conanfile):

> Check it we are cross execute any application based on :ref:`global conf <global_conf>`  or ``cross_building()``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validates whether is possible to run a non-native app on the same architecture.
```

Returns the configuration value for ``tools.build.cross_building:can_run``. In case is not configured,

> it returns ``False`` in the case that we are cross-building, otherwise, ``True``.

Reviewer: I would rephrase it a little bit:

```
It returns the configuration value for ``tools.build.cross_building:can_run`` if exists, otherwise, it returns ``False`` if we are cross-building, else, ``True``.
```

> It's an useful feature in case your archtecture can run more then one target. For instance, Mac M1 machines can run both ``armv8`` and ``x86_64``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's an useful feature for the case your architecture can run more than one target. For instance, Mac M1 machines can run both ``armv8`` and ``x86_64``.
```
